Update docs for mc admin update (#3110)
minio/mc: docs/minio-admin-complete-guide.md

<a name="update"></a>
### Command `update` - updates all MinIO servers
`update` command provides a way to update all MinIO servers in a cluster. You can also pass a custom download server URL to `update` command. This is useful in cases where MinIO is running in an environment that doesn't have Internet access.

*Example: Update all MinIO servers.*
```
mc admin update play
Server `play` updated successfully from RELEASE.2019-08-14T20-49-49Z to RELEASE.2019-08-21T19-59-10Z
```

### Steps to update MinIO using a custom download server
You can use any webserver as the download server for `mc` update. For `update` using custom download server for MinIO binary, you need to have two files:

- Release information file in a format like this [http://dl.minio.io/server/minio/release/linux-amd64/minio.sha256sum]
- Actual MinIO binary to be downloaded. This file should be named as `minio` for Linux environments and `minio.exe` for Windows environments.

For example, if your custom download server is running at `localhost:8000`, and the release information file is available as `localhost:8000/release_info`, the MinIO binary should be available at `localhost:8000/minio`.

> *Example: Update all MinIO servers using custom download server.*

Reviewer: https://github.com/minio/minio/pull/9111#issuecomment-596988656

Some explanation on why this is not correct and we should mention how to do a centralized repo for all platforms.

Author: Updated the PR, PTAL

```
mc admin update myminio http://localhost:8000/release_file
Server `play` updated successfully from RELEASE.2019-08-14T20-49-49Z to RELEASE.2019-08-21T19-59-10Z
```

> NOTE:
> - An alias pointing to a distributed setup this command will automatically update all MinIO servers in the cluster.

> > - `update` is an disruptive operations for your MinIO service, any on-going API operations will be forcibly canceled. So, it should be used only when you are planning MinIO upgrades for your deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - `update` is a disruptive operation for your MinIO service, any on-going API operations will be forcibly canceled. So, it should be used only when you are planning MinIO upgrades for your deployment.
```
